Charles...
Isn't this great?
Yeah.
Good afternoon.
What wouldn't I do
to get my hands on her.
Get your hands on who?
"The challenger." $20-million airplane.
What'd you think I was talking about?
- Come on, Charles.
- Charles, you coming?
Mr. morse, your assistant
asked me to give you this.
Charles morse?
The billionaire?
My god, is that who you are?
Yeah.
I've taken the Liberty, sir...
Of talking to the pilot
of the amphibian.
I've checked the engine log.
Plane seems to be in good shape.
I would not advise you to fly under
any low ceiling, bird strike, or ice.
- What's bird strike?
- Flocks of birds. Hit, we're dead.
Yes, especially this time of year.
Any questions,
I'll fly you in and out myself.
- We'll be fine.
- I told you you'd have a good time.
- When will you require a plane back?
- Bob?
They want the film in New York,
36 hours. I'd say 8 tomorrow night.
8:00 tomorrow night.
- Yes, sir.
- Thank you.
Can't handle northern weather?
I'll be all right.
Is that a new watch?
Yeah. Dual time zone.
Tells the time in two places.
What for?
If I'm in L.A. and want the time
in New York, I don't have to add 3.
You built this place by yourself.
Yes, ma'am.
Been building it all my life.
Okay, right this way, folks.
You don't have to worry about keys,
because we got no locks.
Kitchen is always open.
You can fix whatever you like.
The bedrooms and outhouses
are upstairs.
We want you to relax,
kick off your shoes...
And just get down-home comfortable.
Hey, Stephen.
This is what I'm talking about.
See? That's what I want for tomorrow.
An unsentimental photograph.
To get a truly
unselfconscious photograph...
You have to go back
to the 19th century.
How old is that?
Took it last fall.
That's Jack hawk. A friend of mine.
You took the photo?
I took the photo. He took the bear.
I'd be hunting with him now,
you weren't here...
And I had my rifle sighted in.
You interested in books?
Yeah. Why can't you?
What?
Why can't you get your rifle
sighted in?
I need to rig up a bench rest.
An ironing board
makes a good bench rest.
No disrespect...
I'm surprised you know
what a bench rest is.
Charles knows what everything is.
Got a question, ask him.
Take a mighty accomplished man
to claim that.
I don't claim anything.
Ask him. See if I'm wrong.
Bet you can't stump him.
Bet you I can.
I'll tell you what...
I will give you $5...
You can tell me what's on
the other side of this blade.
It's a rabbit smoking a pipe.
A rabbit smoking a pipe.
Why in the world would
that be, Charles?
It's a symbol of the cree Indians.
On one side, there's a panther...
On the other, his prey, the rabbit.
He sits...
Unafraid.
He smokes his pipe.
It's a traditional motif.
Why is he unafraid?
Because he's smarter than the panther.
Sir...
You impress me.
Thank you.
Amazing accomplishment.
No, it's not an accomplishment.
- It's a freak.
- Is that so?
Yeah.
I seem to retain all these facts...
But putting them to any useful
purpose is another matter.
Hey, listen up, folks.
We got a problem with bears
around here.
Now, never leave food uncovered,
even in the lodge.
Never!
You see a bear near you...
Stand still.
Let him know that you know
that he sees you.
Then back up...
Real slow.
Anybody's in trouble...
Get my attention.
I'll be on it like a duck
on a June bug.
Now make yourselves comfortable.
On that note, I'm going to bed.
Shut up.
Lord, I'm bushed.
New book?
It's about surviving
in the wilderness.
You're always reading something.
My secretary gave it to me.
Do you know why?
Do you know why she gave me the book?
That guy gave me the creeps,
with all that...
Lwlalk about the bear.
Why she gave you the book?
You're the salt of the earth.
Is that so?
You're a most excellent man.
That's why I married you.
You're the only woman
I've ever wanted.
Then see what a lucky guy you are?
Yes, I do.
This is a special day for me.
You know that?
I know it is.
I'm really glad you came away with us.
You got to get away more often.
Can you go and get me a sandwich?
Of course.
Did I ever tell you you're an angel?
No.
Everything but the wings.
The sandwich.
Surprise!
Oh, my god.
Charles, are you all right?
Jesus! I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Are you sure?
- Happy birthday.
- So you didn't forget.
I could never forget you.
I could never forget.
Champagne for Charles.
Blow out the candle, Charles.
May I have your attention, please?
Can I get serious for a moment?
Charles...
Thank you for your...
Good nature...
Your intelligence...
Your generosity...
Forgive us for this charade.
And, in short, happy birthday.
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
To a good companion and a good sport.
And a very brave man.
Hear, hear.
Here.
Thank you.
Mickey, that's beautiful!
There's an engraving inside.
What's it say?
It says, " to my beloved husband...
On his birthday...
From the luckiest woman
in the world."
This is a superb present. Thanks.
May you wear it in good health.
Here you go.
Here you go, birthday boy.
Thank you.
What is it?
- Look at that! Nice, I like that.
- It's beautiful.
You got to give the donor a coin.
Old superstition.
Yes. Thank you. Here.
Give him a coin?
If someone gives you a knife you
should give him a coin in return...
Or it cuts the friendship.
Thank you, Bob.
Getting late. Work day tomorrow.
- Let's pack it in.
- Yeah, to bed!
Happy birthday.
Thanks. Thank you.
Good night.
- Happy birthday, Charles.
- Sleep well.
- Happy birthday to you.
- Thank you.
Nice looking lady.
Your wife?
Yes.
Why do you ask?
Just like to know who everybody is.
Hold on, it's flaring.
Got itl
and, let's go.
Redlly beautiful. Great!
That's great!
- Could you lift that up?
- My god.
Give me the 180.
Excuse me.
Okay, great. One more, let's go.
We'll do one more roll. One more.
Officer.
Can I sunbathe on this beach nude?
Sorry, it's against the rules.
But I have a divine right.
Your left ain't bad either.
Let's go. Check it, please.
Kodiak bear.
He'll kill you as he'll look at you.
And the ones that killed a man,
manhunter for the rest of his life.
Nothing he'd rather eat.
Got the taste of human flesh.
A man-killing machine.
Let's get the boy's shoes polished.
- Do I need to walk you through this?
- It's just the shoes.
Scrap the shoes for god's sake.
What is this? Brain surgery?
It's a fucking pair of shoes!
- Let's get James down here.
- Robert, he's sick.
He's sick, the shoes look like shit
and things I ask...
This is really fucking lame.
The inside of a banana peel
will shine shoes.
Come with me.
A fount of information. A banana.
You should know that!
He's sick, Bob. James is sick.
How sick is he?
He'd have to get better to die.
That guy!
That guy.
He's the guy for my photograph.
Excuse me, where is this guy?
He's your friend, right? Where is he?
This is the guy we want.
Not some fucking model.
Where is he?
Jack hawk? Cabin up north. 80 miles.
Does he have a phone?
No phone. No radio.
Any case, he'll likely be out hunting
then we'll just go and find him.
That's what we'll do.
You can make a compass
out of a needle.
God.
That's da new one on me.
Do you spend much time in the woods?
No. I'm afraid most
of my knowledge is theoretical.
Such a...
Perfect spot.
Such a privilege.
It's a shame...
Everyone can't enjoy it.
It is remote and...
True.
You think this spot is so remote
that only the few can enjoy it.
But I got a plan.
I got a scheme to develop this lake
and I think you could appreciate it.
No need for you
to look at these things.
You can envision this
better than these folks can draw.
But I want you to look
at these things.
Now here's the interesting part.
For only 30 or 40 million dollars
you can...
I beg your pardon?
I thought for a moment
you were just being courteous.
What do you mean?
Nothing. It's fine.
- Just leave it fo me.
- Let's get him. We lose the light...
We lose the light at 4:18.
This is the guy we should've shot all
along. He has character in his face.
What's the matter?
What?
It's nothing.
He's jaded, that's what it is.
That's it. I'm jaded.
We're going on an impromptu adventure.
You come too.
Charles on an adventure?
That's right. What do you say,
Charles? We'll be back in 2 hours.
Go. Get some air under your wings.
Yeah. Okay.
Behold the mighty hunter. Come on.
Hello!
That's just great.
My model's gone bear hunting.
How butch of him.
Where's he going?
Big bass lake?
It's about 20 miles northwest!
And we're left here taking
a picture of sweet Fanny Anne.
What do you say?
Whai?!
- Should we chance it?
- Be careful.
Careful of what?
It's a deadfall.
What's a deadfall?
- I's a pit to catch bears.
- What're we being careful of?
It's a pit. They cover it up.
Should we press on?
- Should we be bold?
- You really need to find this guy?
I need to get that film.
A good plan today is...
Better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
What do you say?
Okay, let's be bold.
There's the spirit
that beat the Japanese.
Weather coming in from the north.
Snow, maybe.
Can I tell you something?
If you like.
I admire the way you took that joke.
Handled well.
Embarrassing. You handled it well.
Thank you.
Tough row to hoe
if you think about it.
What would that be?
All that money.
All the responsibility.
Never knowing who your friends are.
Never knowing...
What people value you for.
It must be tough.
Never feel sorry for a man
who owns a plane.
What do you value me for, Bob?
I'll tell you what,
I like your style...
And I think your wife's cute too.
Yes.
So...
How are you planning to kill me?
Fuck! Hold on!
What's happening?
Goddamn if!
Get him up.
Get him up. Let's get him up.
Come on.
I got him.
Oh, god.
Anyone got any matches?
Any matches?
Help me up.
Oh, my god.
We'll make a fire. Right here.
Make a fire.
That's better.
Come on.
Oh, god.
That's it.
Oh, god, no.
Damn.
I'm cold.
Let's stop fucking about, shall we,
and get the guy warm.
Hey, come on. We need those.
We need them.
Come, Stephen, be near the fire.
Come on, come here.
I'm afraid I let the fire burn out.
We only got a few flares left.
Shouldn't we keep them for signaling?
What we need is...
What we want is wood, stacked.
For a signal fire.
So when they come they'll
see the smoke.
Why would they come for us?
They know we went to the cabin.
When they go to the cabin,
they'll see the note.
We're in for a bit of a walk.
What does that mean,
"we're in for a bit of a walk"?
What the fuck does that mean?! What?!
I once read an interesting book.
It said that most people lost
in the wilds...
They die of shame.
What?
"What did I do?
How did I get into this?"
And so they sit there and they...
Die.
Because they didn't do the one thing
which would've saved their lives.
And what is that, Charles?
Thinking.
Look.
Steve, look.
All right, here's the lodge.
Here's the hunter's cabin.
This is where we did go,
through this pass...
The mountains, the river.
They'd be looking for us in the south.
If we can get back south
of this pass by tonight...
We can use the flares.
How do we find it in the woods?
Head south.
Then we head south.
Which way is south?
Look.
Point the hour hand at the sun...
Halfway between the hour hand
and 12 is south.
This is broken. Give me your watch.
Give me your watch.
Mine's busted too.
It's lost.
I'll tell you. The birds will be
flying south. We'll follow them.
- What if we can't see the birds?
- I'm sorry I got us into this.
Stop that! Stop it!
Just stop it!
Where're you going?
Going to make a compass.
All right, you take a needle...
Rub it on silk...
Magnetize it...
And...
Place it on a leaf. Here.
You have a compass.
A needle? Who travels with a needle?
Here.
Shit!
See, it works.
It works.
That peak is south.
What if it isn't?
It is.
It's drawn by the earth's magnetism.
I know how a compass works.
Good, then you know...
1hat's south.
What do we do when
we get to that peak?
We take another sighting.
That doesn't feel south, Charles.
Just because you're lost doesn't mean
your compass is broken. It's south.
Come on.
You know the vikings would steer
their ship with a rope.
How did they do that?
They'd have two set points on the land
they'd left behind or sailed from.
And they'd line them up
and that would be their bearing.
And then they'd trail this
long rope behind their ship...
Pointing it at those
two points there...
- Might want to conserve your breath.
- Say what?
We must get through by nightfall.
Come on.
What are the odds that
they'll see the flares?
Damn fine. Damn fine.
You think so?
I don't know if I think so or not,
but I have to say so.
City boy.
Is it my diseased imagination
or did you say:
"How were you planning to kill me?"
Did you say that?
Yeah.
What did that mean?
Why would I want to kill you, Charles?
For my wife.
For Mickey?
Yeah.
That's bizarre. I want to kill you
to get next to your wife.
I've seen you with her.
We work together.
I've seen the way you are.
No offense, but I get my own girl...
If you noticed, while we've
known each other.
You're a powerful guy.
Why would I antagonize you?
Why would I want to do that?
To get the money.
The money.
Now it's the broad, now it's
the boodle and nothing is safe.
Rich man.
All they want is to take something
from you. Badly enough to kill you.
You know something, Charles?
The rich are different.
Charles, how far do you think it is?
It can't be more than about 10 miles.
- Shit.
- What?
Got a stitch in my side.
Find a round stone.
Find a round stone. Spit under it.
An old Indian remedy?
Yeah, that's right.
You think I'm a fool, don't you?
A fool? No.
Old Indian remedy makes sense.
Fellow's got a stitch, make him
slow down, take his mind off it.
Make him stretch, bend over.
No, because of what I said.
- About what?
- About my wife.
What you said about your wife.
Well...
What I think, I think you got
a whole stew of too much money...
Latent homosexuality...
Lots of other good stuff. Paranoia.
We'll all get together when
we get back, you and me...
And your wife, and we'll get
into a hot tub and...
Bare our feelings and...
Even if I wanted to kill you,
I need you to get home.
You fucking idiot.
Needing people. Isn't it a bitch?
- Who're we talking about?
- Fanny farmer.
The mother of level measurement.
It's good to know you have a hero.
Cheering up, are we?
Regaining our feisty demeanor?
It's good of you to notice.
Knows all, tells all. Shall we?
Wait!
Listen, listen.
Come on.
Come onl
We'll never make it.
Pull this tree.
Pulll
Steve, go!
Pull! Count of 3!
Come on! One...
Lwo, three, go!
Come onl
Easy.
Charles, go!
Take it easy, Charles!
Look out!
It's okay.
You got it! Come on!
Keep coming!
- Come on, Charles, come on!
- Just keep coming!
Keep coming!
Jesus! Charles, hang on!
Hold on!
You okay?
Come on! Let's go!
Oh, god!
I lost the flares.
We'll get by without them.
How?
I've got...
Sixx matches left.
We'll make a signal fire.
We'll make a signal fire. We'll use
a match. The plane will see us.
- Snap out of it!
- I's going to be fine.
It's going to be fine.
Which way is it?
It's up there.
- Come on.
- Let's go, Charles.
You okay?
You saved me.
- I need you to navigate.
- You saved my life.
I couldn't kill you then.
I'd have to kill Stephen too.
He knows how I like my coffee.
You saved my life.
Buy me something when we get home.
How do you like your coffee?
Like I like my women.
Bitter and murky.
I lost the bloody flares.
You told me why people
die in the woods.
Yeah, they die of shame.
Take a lesson from it.
You want to get up.
Top of that rise. High as possible.
Let the plane see the fire.
Why do we think they'll
come looking for us?
He's a billionaire. You know what
happens when you misplace one.
Going to make some story
to tell when we get home.
Quite a change from, " that cab driver
was so rude to Mel"
You see anything?
No.
Come on, let's go.
My, god!
Shit!
Okay, let's see.
Maybe it was the buckle
that threw it off.
What are we going to do?
It's all right.
- We're going to die!
- Look here!
We don't know what the hell
we're doing here!
What are we gonna do?!
We're going to die!
Nobody knows where we are!
We got nothing to eat!
All right, Steve. Look.
Look here.
This is what we're gonna do.
You see this?
Going to make a spear, all right?
You want me to make a spear?!
We need you to make one for fishing.
Go on, take it.
Good. Fine.
You can do that.
They'll never find us.
They will find us. And even if
they don't, we'll walk out of here.
You do as I say now, okay?
I'l make a fire.
Get on with if!
It's going to be okay.
What is he gonna do, make a spear?
Is he going to fish for our dinner?
I wanted to give him something to do.
Are they gonna come for us?
You are an important guy, right?
Right?
Lookit, I'm talking to you!
What would you like to do?
Should we lay down and die?
Do we lay down and die, Bob?
There's nobody here but us.
Have I missed something?
You're right.
You're right, I'm sorry.
Shit!
All right, give me your hands.
God!
- Take your hands away.
- What have I done?
What have I done?
Jesus.
It's deep.
I'm not going to lose my leg?
You'll be all right.
Press down.
Put your hands there.
Keep them there.
I'll pull this as tight
as you can take it.
Bury this.
Start building the fire.
You're going to be all right.
- Is that all right? Not too tight?
- No, it's just great.
Good.
It's a clean cut.
I think it bled clean.
If we change the...
Bandages regularly...
It should knit up fine.
Guess I'm no lumberjack.
You're doing fine, Steve.
You'll be fine.
You know something? What?
You're all right.
Am I?
No, I mean it.
Very thoughtful man.
Thank you.
And I appreciate it.
It's my pleasure.
So are we gonna get out of here?
Yes, we are.
How are we gonna get out of here?
You see this...
You see that constellation?
Cassiopeia.
The big w?
The right edge of the w
points to the north star.
North star...
Is north.
Tomorrow we walk...
South to the river.
The river will take us home.
It's gonna work better
than that compass?
Yeah.
I hope so.
Why do people die in the woods?
They die of shame.
It puts things in perspective.
What's that?
Out here.
Different from the fashion world.
Different from snorting coke off
the girls' hip bones.
In what way?
You're starting to loosen up.
You think so?
That's my report.
So...
What?
He's not that badly hurt.
Then what are our chances
when all is said and done?
We can walk out and probably die,
or stay here and he'll certainly die.
I think our chances are good.
Seriously.
Yeah! Better than good.
We know that that's north.
And that's...
I said we had to bury those.
What difference does it make?
- We have to get them down.
- Why?
They put the smell of blood
in the air, that's why.
I'm not going to climb up a tree
in a thunderstorm!
We must get it down!
You climb up the goddamn tree!
Give me a hand.
Oh, shit!
Jesus!
Charles, stay back!
Stay back!
For god's sakes, Charles!
Come on, Charles.
Steve!
Oh, god.
Come onl
come onl
So, we navigate by the stars.
We travel by night if there's a moon.
We can't live out the winter up here.
If we find the river,
it'll take us south.
They won't be looking
for us this far north?
We have to walk out.
What do we eat?
I'm working on it.
How about that?
Listen!
My god!
Come onl
come onl
Wait!
No! Wait! I
Oh, god!
Did you know that you can
make fire from ice?
You can make fire from ice.
Hello.
I'm talking to you.
Did you know that could be done?
Can you think?
You moneyed folk, isn't it?
Isn't it?!
Fire from ice, can you think how?
Sit up there. Drinks and golf.
Screwing the maid.
But get you in an emergency...
And you bloom.
You make me sick!
- You make me sick!
- I'm sure I do.
You fucking make me sick! I mean,
what puts you off? Jews and taxes!
Fire from ice, can you think how?
I don't want to know how, Charles!
Do you have anything
you'd like to live for?
You know something?
Maybe we were right
to let people like you...
Run the country all these years.
You're the only ones dense enough!
No, I'm not dense.
I just have no imagination.
Making a...
Decision tree?
- Is that it?
- That's it, Bob.
We can't think they'd come back?
No.
We shouldn't think they'll come back.
They've scouted this area.
They'll move on.
Fire from ice.
Let's have it.
Ice.
You take it into your hands...
And you mold it into a lens...
Which will concentrate
sunlight into fire.
I doubt we'll be reduced
to that because...
We still have the matches
and I believe that's all we'll need.
Oh, Jesus.
There's fish in there.
What are we gonna use for tackle?
How will we bait them?
Wouldn't you find that attractive?
I don't know.
It's gold.
The whole world longs for it.
I'm not in a very humorous mood.
Come on, don't go native on me, Bob.
I'm sorry. I'm just tired.
I'm very tired.
Why don't you rest? Gather some wood.
He's a man-killer.
He's been following us
the whole time. Stalking us.
Come onl
He's toying with us.
What are we gonna do?
What, do I have a plan?
Am I supposed to have a plan?
You tell me.
We can't move.
He won't let us eat.
We're going to starve up here.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna kill him.
We get him to attack.
Spear. Bait.
Induce a charge.
Bear charges and rears.
As he falls, he impales
himself on the spear.
Same principle as the deadfall.
Use his own weight to kill him.
What are we gonna use to bait him?
We lure him.
- What?
- We lure him!
You know?
Masai boys in Africa...
11 years old...
They kill lions with Spears.
How do we lure him?
11 -year-old boys kill a lion.
Do you know Indian boys used to
run up to the bear and slap him?
Count coup on him
as a test of manhood.
No, Charles.
How will we lure him?
Blood.
Blood!
We must...
Distract him, of course.
We must distract him and...
Lrap him, but it can be done.
Do you believe it?
Believe jt?!
I don't know, Charles.
I don't think it will work.
=I will work!
It will work!
What one man can do, another can.
We can't kill the bear.
He's ahead of us!
It's like he's reading our minds.
He's stalking us, for god's sakes!
You want to die out here.
Then die.
But I tell you what.
I'm not going to die. No, siree.
I'm not gonna die.
No. I'm gonna kill the bear.
Say it. "I'm going to kill the bear!"
Say it. "I'm going to kill
the bear. "Say if!
"I'l kill the bear!"
Say it!
- I'll kill the bear.
- Again!
I'm gonna kill the bear!
What one man can do, another can do!
What one man can do, another can do.
Again!
What one man can do, another can do!
You're goddamn right.
Because today...
I'm gonna kill the motherfucker.
Come on.
Now.
Run! Run!
Come onl
Hit him in the neck!
Jesus!
Look out! Look out! Look out!
Come onl
Come and get me!
Gel me! Come! Come onl!
Come onl
you son of a bitch!
Come here, motherfucker!
Come and get me!
Come onl
gel Mel
come on, get Mel!
Look out!
Wish we had some salt.
You know you can...
You can season meat with gunpowder.
Did you know that?
I wish we had some gunpowder.
I don't suppose you made one for me?
Yeah.
What do you think?
What's the matter, Charles?
Nothing.
No, really. What?
All my life I wanted
to do something that was...
That was unequivocal.
Well, Charlie, I certainly
think this qualifies.
Yeah, something.
You see, that's why
they call it " personal growth."
A month ago, smokey would've reared,
you would've called your lawyer.
Nah.
I wouldn't do that to an animal.
So I said:
"If this is my life...
Then this is my life."
But you can change your life.
That's what I'm telling you.
Is that true?
Why wouldn't it be true?
Because I never knew anybody
who did actually change their lives.
I'll tell you what.
I'm gonna start my life over.
You'd be the first.
No one's been here for quite a while.
What do you make of it?
If we're here...
That canoe will take us out.
You know what we must do?
Find out if that canoe really floats.
It floats.
Cup of tea?
Yeah.
You ain't got that fire lit?
Drinking the other fellow's supplies?
Get back...
And send him a check.
Send him a check.
Hell of an adventure, eh, Charles?
Yeah, wasn't it?
You know...
I hope to tell you...
If had my camera here...
I would've made my fortune.
Made my fortune.
That thing's busted to shit.
It still has some...
Sentimental value.
I suppose it does.
Can I see your watch?
My watch?
Doesn't work. Told you.
Busted.
Yeah, I know it doesn't work.
Could I see it?
New when we left.
Just a piece of junk now.
What's the matter, Bob?
Can't do it sober?
I suppose you don't need me anymore.
You can find your own way out
without me.
You had no business with that broad.
You know you don't.
You know that you don't, Charles.
Look at it.
Why did she go with you?
Why in hell did she go with you?
Your money. For the love of god,
everyone knew that.
Are you nuts?
In the airport with her, people said,
"there goes a guy with a plane."
There goes a guy with a plane.
Say it was tough luck.
That's what you drew this time.
Well...
That's right.
"For all the nights."
How touching.
Why torture yourself?
It's over now.
Let's go outside.
Just tell me this one thing.
Was it from the first?
You and my wife?
Was it from the first, Bob?
Come on, Charles.
Is that an indelicate question?
Done is done.
Well, I'm dying, so...
What difference does it make?
Why is that so important to you?
I love her.
I'm sorry.
It's time.
Don't do it, Bob.
You live in a dream world.
You always have.
Now turn your back.
You don't have to do it.
The hell I don't! You know that I do.
Now turn your back.
I don't want to hear any more
of your nonsense.
I don't want to hear it!
How close we've become
and this and that.
You would've died out here,
if not for me.
With all your wealth.
You understand me?
I said, turn your goddamn back!
- Listen to me.
- Don't go any further.
I said, turn your back.
No?
You know...
Life is a short thing.
Full of betrayal.
In many ways, you're well out of it.
Charles, don't!
Be careful of the deadfall.
Oh, god, Charles! Oh, god!
Oh, god, I think I've broken my...
I think I've broken my leg, Charles.
Oh, god, Charles.
Oh, my god!
Oh, god!
Oh, god, Charles, no, please.
Now fry and lie still.
I'm going to take a look and see.
See what's wrong.
- I don't feel well.
- Take a shot of this.
Just going to take a look here.
Hold on.
I only have so much
of that stuff in me.
Charles, what is it?
What is it, Charles?
I don't feel very...
I can't say that I feel
very well at all, Charles.
Hell of a guy.
I never told you that.
Fucking shit-hole of a world,
eh, Charles?
Shit-hole of a world.
I need you to... what?
Put pressure on it.
- What's that?
- Now.
Jesus.
Listen.
We're gonna get you out of here.
Okay?
Hell of a way to end an outing.
You're gonna be fine.
Must be quite a thing.
Quite a thing.
To have so much.
Everybody...
Wants something from you.
Everybody depending on you.
Don't talk so much.
So pushy.
Why don't you save your energy?
I don't really feel quite 100%.
I'm gonna take us into shore.
Light us a fire. Keep you warm.
Why would you want to save
a piece of shit like me?
Let's say it's a challenge.
For the sporting aspect of it?
No, I know what it is.
You've never had a buddy.
That's the thing, isn't it?
Right.
Now I'm your pet project.
I'm your...
Hobby farm.
Whatever you say, Bob.
Guy who tried to kill you.
- That's terrific, Charles.
- No, you wouldn't have done it.
Yes, I would have.
You stupid son of a bitch.
Yes, I would.
Then...
You would.
What will you do when you get back?
It's not important.
It is important to me.
I may not go back.
What do you mean?
Of course you'll go back.
To what?
I don't feel sorry for you, Charles.
"Never feel sorry for a man
that owns a plane.
Come on.
Hold on.
I'll get us out of here.
How bullshit.
I'm dying.
I'm dying and I never did
a goddamn thing.
But wait.
Charles, I gotta tell you.
What?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry what I did.
And your wife, Charles.
Listen to me, Charles.
She was never in on it.
This business.
Doing you in.
I swear it on my life, Charles.
Thanks.
Very kind of you to say so, Bob.
Never too late for a kind gesture, eh?
Don't die on me, Bob.
Don't tell me what to do.
Hold on.
We're getting out of here!
Over here!
Why is the rabbit unafraid?
Because he's smarter than the panther.
Mr. morse?
Channel 9 news. Could we get
a statement, sir?
How did you feel during
your husband's ordeal?
We're all put to the test.
But it never comes in the...
Form or the...
Point we would prefer...
Does it?
Mr. morse?
The other men...
Your friends...?
My friends.
What happened to them, sir?
How did they die, sir?
They died...
Saving my life.